CSI: use HTTP headers for passing CSI secrets (#12144)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/volume/snapshot-list.mdx

@include 'general_options.mdx'

## Snapshot List Options

- `-plugin`: Display only snapshots managed by a particular [CSI
  plugin][csi_plugin]. By default the `snapshot list` command will query all
  plugins for their snapshots. This flag accepts a plugin ID or prefix. If
  there is an exact match based on the provided plugin, then that specific
  plugin will be queried. Otherwise, a list of matching plugins will be
  displayed.

> - `-secret`: Secrets to pass to the plugin to delete the
>   snapshot. Accepts multiple flags in the form `-secret key=value`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-secret`: Secrets to pass to the plugin to list snapshots. 
  Accepts multiple flags in the form `-secret key=value`
```
